Add documentation for memory overcommit (#34802)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/memory-overcommit.md

# Memory overcommit

Memory overcommit is an experimental technique intended to allow to set more flexible memory limits for queries.

> The idea of this technique is to introduce settings which can represent guaranteed memory amount of memory a query can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea of this technique is to introduce settings which can represent guaranteed amount of memory a query can use.
```

> When memory overcommit is enabled and memory limit is reached ClickHouse will select the most overcommit query and try to free memory by killing this query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When memory overcommit is enabled and the memory limit is reached ClickHouse will select the most overcommitted query and try to free memory by killing this query.
```

When memory limit is reached any query will wait some time during atempt to allocate new memory.

> If selected query is killed and memory is freed within waiting timeout, query will continue execution after waiting, otherwise it'll be killed too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If selected query is killed and memory is freed within waiting timeout, the other queries will continue execution after waiting, otherwise, one of remaining queries will be killed too.
```

Author: Perhaps it's better
```suggestion
If timeout is passed and memory is freed, the query continues execution. Otherwise an exception will be thrown and the query is killed.
```

> Selection of query to stop is performed by either global or user overcommit trackers depending on what memory limit is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selection of query to stop or kill is performed by either global or user overcommit trackers depending on what memory limit is reached.
```
